<h1>TLDR</h1><div><br></div><div>Most personal websites these days are sleek, modern, and minimalistic. I think these websites are lame, so I set out to create mine in the style of the internet during the early 2010s. As an extra challenge, I (mostly) only use tools that existed then.</div><div><span style="background-color: rgb(255 255 255 / var(--tw-bg-opacity));"><br></span></div><div><br></div><h1>Design Goals</h1><div><br></div><div>As part of my desire to conform to the 2010s aesthetics, I decided to challenge myself to make this website using technologies and techniques that someone who was first learning web development in 2010 might use. Specifically, I wanted to avoid the use of AJAX and client-side rendering (and even JavaScript) as much as possible.<br></div><div><br></div><pre>I settled on using Flask with the Jinja templating system as the foundation for this website. Routes within Flask correspond directly with a page on the website (no client-side routing), and user input is mostly handled through form submissions as opposed to a POST request using JSON.</pre><div><br></div><div>Beyond purely aesthetic reasons, building a website using this tech stack proved to be a valuable learning exercise for me. My first introduction to webdev was building Single Page Applications using React. This approach was, and still is, extremely extremely popular, and dividing the codebase into components conformed with the Object-Oriented-Programming paradigm that a lot of high school CS courses use. *cough* AP CS using&nbsp;<span style="background-color: rgb(255 255 255 / var(--tw-bg-opacity));">Java&nbsp;</span><span style="background-color: rgb(255 255 255 / var(--tw-bg-opacity));">*cough*&nbsp;<br><br>But I think this approach to web dev abstracts away too much of the underlying architecture and builds poor habits. I was noticing myself building massive SPAs with very long initial load times and poor performance on mobile devices, and my only solution was to optimize the implementation of components whereas a "better" solution would be to rearchitect. Using the SPA technique was a crutch for me, why bother with API ergonomics when I can connect my client <i>directly to the database</i>?</span></div><div><span style="background-color: rgb(255 255 255 / var(--tw-bg-opacity));"><br></span></div><div><h1><span style="background-color: rgb(255 255 255 / var(--tw-bg-opacity));">Learnings</span></h1><span style="background-color: rgb(255 255 255 / var(--tw-bg-opacity));"><br></span><pre><span style="background-color: rgb(255 255 255 / var(--tw-bg-opacity));">So, this project forced me to use techniques that I was unfamiliar with. I got a better understanding of what the default behavior of HTML elements are, as opposed to just slapping&nbsp;</span></pre></div>